c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\ManusE1.exe.config
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\obj\Debug\ManusE1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\obj\Debug\ManusE1.Form1.resources
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\obj\Debug\ManusE1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\obj\Debug\ManusE1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x86.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x64.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.so
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.so
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.dylib
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.dylib
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\ManusE1.exe
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\ManusE1.pdb
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.Vision.V1.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.pdb
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.pdb
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.Vision.V1.pdb
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.Vision.V1.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\obj\Debug\ManusE1.exe
c:\users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\obj\Debug\ManusE1.pdb
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\ImageProcessor.dll
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\ImageProcessor.xml
C:\Users\faust\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManusE1\ManusE1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
